# cs310-junit-hello-world

The purpose of this program was to introduce us in CS310 (Software Engineering 1) to JSON and JUnit. The objective was to test the installationof our Java IDE of choice as well as if we had properly installed and implemented JUnit and its testing framework onto the designated files. We had to learn how to use GitHub as well as the commands fro the command promt used to clone, view status and log, to test class paths, and how to commit and push changes to GitHub. This assignement was the usual coding assignment you are assigned at the beginning of a semester in a programming class where you have to write code to make the IDE give the output "Hello World!". The project consisted of creating a new object, in this case "m" and using .getGreeting() to get the greeting from the Greeting method which in this case was "Hello World!" The message is then printed as well as being used in the reverse() method in which a new stringBuilder object is created called sc. The string "Hello World!" gets appended to the sc object through the use of .append. It is then reversed through the use of sc.reverse() to make the new output reversed and read as "!dlroW olleH" and then is returned to the main function to be printed. Both "Hello World!" and "!dlroW olleH" are printed seperately.
The results of the code was to print both "Hello World!" and "!dlroW olleH" respectively. The significance of this program comes in teh knowledge gained in understanding how to use GitHub and clone  repositories, as well as being able to push your edits and changes back to the main GitHub repository.  This will greatly benefit me in both my future career and future classes as it will make working in groups significantly easier and more efficient.
